Intro
So now we will come to app.js
and after coming to app.js
first of all you have to remove logo.svg
because we have deleted it
so that we don't get any error
after that the first thing we have to do is
to setup the user form
because the user will give the input through the form
that from where he wants the flight
for how many adults he wants
in which date he wants
so we have to make a form
so for that we have to remove all these things
which we have already given here
so we have removed it
and we will make a new div
whose class name we will give app
actually first of all we select the language
and here we make a div whose class name we will give app
and in this div the first thing that will go
will be a main tag
whose class name we will give content
by doing content section
and in this what will go
that will go our form
so form is actually a lot of
form making which is the html process
there is no logic part involved in it
in this part if any further logic part comes
which will obviously come
we will explain it well
so what you have to do before that
you have to go to code section
from app.js
you have to pick up this form thing
from form bg
you have to pick up this whole form
after that your form
comes here
you have to save it
so what happened here
by using form bg class name
we will give a background to the form
in which we will put a photo of a flight
there is a form in the form container
in which there is a heading
find the best flight fares
is flight fares
after this
here our input tags are used
in which we have taken from input
to input
we have taken date input
we have taken number of adults input
and we have taken seat type input
so here we have used select tag
and have given select options
after this finally we have a submit button
so we have used our submit button
to submit the form
now we have saved it
now we will go to app.css
in app.css
the css will be given to you
in code section
so you have to pick up the css
from there
and you have to bring it here
and paste it
so I also copied the css from there
and here I have pasted it
now what we have given in this css
form container
in which our whole form is
the background image of it
will come here
after this
here
the inputs
we have given the display flex
due to which line by line
means all will come in a single line
form head
where the heading of the form is given
we have given color
we have given text align center
after this
here
we have again given the form group
by doing display flex
after this
all the things
we have given here
here we have given the input
these styles
where we have given the border radius of the input
we have given font family
we have made the submit button of this color
so it is used for the whole classes and css
now after this we do one thing
now we go to our web browser
and check how our website is looking
so here
there are some things
which are coming undefined
there are some problems
so actually what is there
that your form
in this
the methods of on submit
on submit
this thing
we will do further
like handle input change
and on submit
so for this
what we do
first of all
we make a function
which will be an empty function
because we have to do these things further
so for this
first of all we make functions
so the first function
which we will make
we will make
what name
with handle submit name
so we make a function with handle submit name
and there will be a function of handle submit name
there will be arrow function
in which we will not put anything
same thing will happen
here we do console dot log
we write
we give an empty string
after this
the second function
that we will make
by changing handle input
so by copying this
its name is
handle input change
we give it
so we are making the function
so that we do not get errors
because we will put this function
further
in this function
things will be put
by which
the form will be submitted
so the things which will be triggered
they will be triggered
on the same function
so we have made all these functions
after this
we go to our web browser again
and check once
so we are not getting any error here
for now
and you can see
our form
is ready
so here
user can select the form
from where to where
so for example
form
Bhopal to Delhi
what is the date
after this
how many adults will be there
so here
they can be selected
in economy
he can select
seat type
and finally
in find fields
he can click
and after form
the process
we will
do further
that how
user will get
flight details
we can schedule
friends
for talking
and
next
time
we will
check
here
that
best
switching
they showed
light
we look
we all
come
here
for